docs: grammar nits in the root README (#1364)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: README.md

## Getting Started

- **[You can find our Getting Started docs here](./docs/getting-started/README.md)**
- **[You can find our Linting FAQ / Troubleshooting docs here](./docs/getting-started/linting/FAQ.md)**

The documentation below will give you an overview of what this project is, why it exists and how it works at a high level.

> **It is crucial to be familiar with these concepts before reporting issues**, so it is a good idea to read them before raising issues.

Reviewer: Nit: this is a bit nicer english

```suggestion
**It is crucial that you are familiar with these concepts before reporting issues**, so it is a good idea to read them before raising issues.
```

var x: number = 1;
```

> This is not valid JavaScript code, because it contains a so-called type annotation. When the TypeScript Compiler parses this code to produce a TypeScript AST, that: number syntax will be represented in the tree, and this is simply not something that ESLint can understand without additional help.

Reviewer: Leave this as is - it's referring to the type annotation syntax.

```suggestion
This is not valid JavaScript code, because it contains a so-called type annotation. When the TypeScript Compiler parses this code to produce a TypeScript AST, the `: number` syntax will be represented in the tree, and this is simply not something that ESLint can understand without additional help.
```
